my uh my first Holi buzz with Bonnie and
Eleanor and happy birthday Selina you're
21 you're legal it's a big year sin
Bonnie Selina has finally turned 21 on
July 22nd Anna she's celebrated with a
pretty interesting birthday cake
she sure did we found out exclusively
that she was actually at Julian huffs
25th birthday party on the 20th but that
her friends gave her a birthday cake
with Justin Bieber's face on it that's
pretty funny bunny there's also some
unicorns on the cake and I'd say Celine
at a pretty good nine but why would she
put Justin's face on the cake as she
just did an interview with Ryan Seacrest
where she did in fact say she was single
well I think she's keeping everybody
guessing I mean we are also hearing
though from sources that Selena really
thinks Justin's the one and that their
latest reunification of their romance is
going well and that she's decided not to
believe all the other rumors about other
girls she's just going to trust him
I don't know Bonnie it's Elena's
birthday and Justin he does not have a
concert tonight July 22nd so where is he
I might have further eyes Selena and her
friends they made a video she released a
new music video for her song birthday
and it's her friends dancing rain and
there is definitely no Justin in sight
well there isn't but the question is
will he fly he was in Boston and then
he's got to go back to to Ottawa for his
concert tomorrow the question is has he
flown back to take her out or to do
something special for her for a birthday
last year he had a pretty nice birthday
party for I think then he's going to
want to keep Selena happy he worked so
hard to get back together with her I
disagree Bonnie I think Selena's gonna
be celebrating this birthday solo but
let us know what you guys think leave us
a comment is just I'm going to show up
or not bye bye